cert-manager Operator 1.11.4 release notes (#62616)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/index.adoc#cert-manager-operator-about[About the {cert-manager-operator}].

[id="cert-manager-operator-release-notes-1.11.4"]
== Release notes for {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.4

Issued: 2023-07-26

The following advisory is available for the {cert-manager-operator} 1.11.4:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHEA-2023:4081[RHEA-2023:4081]

For more information, see the link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/release-notes/release-notes-1.11/[cert-manager project release notes for v1.11].

[id="cert-manager-operator-1.11.4-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> *

Reviewer: You can add: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393 to this list.

Author: Addressed

> * Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} did not allow installing the older versions of the {cert-manager-operator}. Now, you can install the {cert-manager-operator} older versions by selecting the *Update approval* strategy as *Manual* in the web console. For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc#cert-manager-operator-install[Installing the {cert-manager-operator}]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393[*OCPBUGS-16393*])

Reviewer 2: The preview page looks like `Now, you can install the cert-manager Operator for Red Hat OpenShift older versions`. The long name of the operator always will bring such issue :), that is, it can be always intuitively read as ambiguously as `the cert-manager Operator for "Red Hat OpenShift older versions"` by others.
```suggestion
* Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} did not allow installing the older versions of the {cert-manager-operator}. Now, you can install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} by selecting the *Update approval* strategy as *Manual* in the web console. For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc#cert-manager-operator-install[Installing the {cert-manager-operator}]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393[*OCPBUGS-16393*])
```

Reviewer: +1 to `older versions of the {cert-manager-operator}`.

Author: Addressed. 
@xingxingxia I added one more line - `You can install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} by using the command-line interface (CLI) in {product-title} 4.13.` I didn't mention 4.12 because the PR is aiming for 4.13+ versions.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how the aim is decided, but 1.11.4 supports 4.12, the bug fix supports 4.12 too.

Author: @xingxingxia Okay, in that case, the PR should target 4.12+ versions. I updated the PR. Thanks for pointing that out.

> * Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} did not allow installing the older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} that are available on the channel `stable-v1`. Now, you can install the {cert-manager-operator} older versions by selecting the *Update approval* strategy as *Manual* in the web console. For more information, see xref:../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc#cert-manager-operator-install[Installing the {cert-manager-operator}]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393[*OCPBUGS-16393*])

Author: Addressed

> * Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} did not allow installing older versions of the {cert-manager-operator}. Now, you can install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} by selecting the *Update approval* strategy as *Manual* in the web console in {product-title} 4.14. You can install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} by using the command-line interface (CLI) in {product-title} 4.12 and {product-title} 4.13. For more information, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc#cert-manager-operator-install[Installing the {cert-manager-operator}]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393[*OCPBUGS-16393*])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Previously, the {cert-manager-operator} did not allow you to install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator}. Now, you can install older versions of the {cert-manager-operator} using the web console or the command-line interface (CLI).  For more information on how to use the web console to install older versions, see xref:../../security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-install.adoc#cert-manager-operator-install[Installing the {cert-manager-operator}]. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-16393[*OCPBUGS-16393*])
```

Reviewer 3: The instructions are a duplication of what can be found in the xref so I don't think they are necessary. I also think we should be careful with mentioning 4.14 here and looking at the docs you can already do this in 4.12+. 

I wasn't sure if there was a specific reason why CLI on 4.12 and 4.13 was being mentioned. If this is getting merged back to 4.12 I thought this was implied. 

My goal in the suggestion was to condense and shorten things. I hope this helps and understand if they versions are necessary for technical accuracy.

Author: Agreed. Addressed
